[Music]
this is what's gotten me through the
last four years of pep rallies
imagining myself walking along the sin
and standing on top of the eiffel tower
do you mind if we order grace
go with meganema have a great trip
to paris nobody pinch me the junior
ambassador suite
offers luxury accommodations
i single-handedly chose the worst tour
in all of paris
leaving she's here
this is crazy it's me cordelia
mother's forcing me to go to some
charity thing
you look just like her look those guys
are like twins
excuse me requested a 26
pound lobster i shall take it in my room
first class we are way out of our league
this was never part of the plan i'm out
real cordelia gets to play hooky for a
few days and we
all get the vacation that we deserve
your car's waiting thank you we
are going to monte carlo we'll get
caught then you'll
get to say i told you so
jet cenarius cordelia winthrop scott oh
what cortelia you are a bad girl what'd
i do
what didn't you do
[Music]
you look like a million
something different bucks you different
i have been marrying the booth
she totally bought it
[Music]
you are not what i expected you're
different
hi i finally meet a guy
who likes me for me and i'm not even me
cordelia wait
[Music]
monte carlo what's she doing here
wow you can see everything from up here
[Music]
you